Update README.md (#54)
metakgp/chillzone: README.md

1. Login to the ERP
2. Go to Academic -> Timetable -> Subject List with Timetable Slots

> 3. Open the browser console. Switch to the Network tab [control + shift + j (cmd + shift + c in Mac)]

Reviewer: Can write in more elaborated manner.
```suggestion
3. Open the browser console. Switch to the Network tab [Windows: `ctrl + shift + j` - macOS: `cmd + shift + c`]
```
